\subsection{Towards a possible manifesto; proposing Arabfuturism(s)
(Conversation
A)}\label{towards-a-possible-manifesto-proposing-arabfuturisms-conversation-a}

\begin{quote}
\hyperlink{sulaiman-majali}{Sulaiman Majali}
\end{quote}

``In hypernational ecstasy-''

``What about starting with where it's come from, something like that?
-''

``-But they've called it a swarm, an influx-''

``There is something happening in Europe.''

``We are distinctly distant from the mythologies of nationhood and
home-''

``Stand up and step back.''

``-What do we have''

``-The nation is dead, it is a citadel of illusion that has collapsed;
pour me a drink and let us drink of its ruins. -''

``The nation is dead-''

``-Arabfuturism exponentially expands on discourse surrounding -''

``-Arabfuturism is accelerating the transformation of representation;
beyond the logic of the state.''

``-Surrounding the policing, observation and censoring of brown minds-''

``-\ldots{}Indefinable in the emergence of an autonomous hybrid
sedimentation of identities that is dismantling the boundaries and
expanding the borderzones between constructs of culture and civilisation
that have assembled a contrived European identity in opposition to an
historic Other.''

``Punctuation-,''

``Something about re-examining history?''

``-Arabfuturism is a re-examination and interrogation of narratives that
surround oceans of historical fiction. It bulldozes cultural nostalgias
that prop up a dubious political paralysis and works to solidify and
progress a progressive force, towards being subjects and not objects of
history''

``-History?''

``histories-''

``If the ultimate hegemonic power is the power to define and not the
power to conquer; the map, the straight line, legitimacy and
authenticity are questions that flutter between the virtualities and
actualities of adopted identities.''

``What are we proposing?''

``Arabfuturism is an impetus that seeks to accelerate the annihilation
of the ideological apartheidic walls, whose delusional hallucinations
make us cower in fear at the deafening loudness of our indifference;
whilst we dance to the silence of our differences.''

``A continuous motion''

``Accelerate-''

``-Accelerating-''

``- delusional hallucinations make us cower in fear at the deafening
loudness of our indifference (whilst we dance to the silence of our
differences.)''

``But there is something happening in Europe,-''

``Arabfuturism conceives instead, an origin in imagined space, towards
the abyss of an imagined future''

~~~~~~~~``-Dancing on the ruins of the post-orientalist stage; in the
desert of the unreal; high on the opulence of emptiness.''

``- Violent births of countries; the expansions and contractions, the
demise and deaths, -''

``-the demise and deaths of nations.''

``The nation is dead-''

``-Something is happening in Europe-''

``-It is a citadel of illusion that has collapsed.''

``-The internet as a public square,-''

``Arabfuturism celebrates the temporalities of our collaborative
genealogies-''

``Mourning-''

``Present tense. Mourns the immortality of our insular mythologies of
selfhood.''

``-an emergent cultural aesthetic; accelerating the transformation of
representation;-''

``-beyond the logic of the state.''
